# ImageJ-Scripts

CaMPARI-analysis-Tool (08/07/2024):
This ImageJ-script measures the ratio of the red fluorescent signal to green fluorescent signal in a CaMPARI-image. Analyzed images consist of three channels: 1) green fluorescence channel, 2) transmitted light channel and 3) red fluorescence channel. Before using the script, select “point tool” and activate “add to ROI Manager”. Starting the script, generates a composite image showing only the green and red fluorescence channel. Mark the ROI’s you want to analyze. After confirming this step, the script calculates the “red fluorescent signal to green fluorescent signal” ratio and creates the JPEG-file with the ROI’s in a specific folder. Finally, all specified ROIs are removed from the “ROI Manager”.

Epac-analysis-Tool (11/07/2024):
This ImageJ-script measures the ratio of the yellow fluorescent signal to cyan fluorescent signal in a Epac-image. Analyzed images consist of three channels: 1) cyan fluorescence channel, 2) transmitted light channel and 3) yellow fluorescence channel. Before using the script, select “point tool” and activate “add to ROI Manager”. Starting the script, generates a composite image showing only the cyan and yellow fluorescence channel. Mark the ROI’s you want to analyze. After confirming this step, the script calculates the “yellow fluorescent signal to cyan fluorescent signal” ratio and creates the JPEG-file with the ROI’s in a specific folder. Finally, all specified ROIs are removed from the “ROI Manager”.

cAMPr-analysis-Tool (11/07/2024):
This ImageJ-script measures the green fluorescent signal in a cAMPr-image. Analyzed images consist of two channels: 1) green fluorescence channel and 2) transmitted light channel. Before using the script, select “point tool” and activate “add to ROI Manager”. Starting the script, generates a composite image showing only the green fluorescence channel. Mark the ROI’s you want to analyze. After confirming this step, the script measures the “green fluorescent signal” and creates the JPEG-file with the ROI’s in a specific folder. Finally, all specified ROIs are removed from the “ROI Manager”.

food intake-analysis tool (11/07/2024):
This ImageJ-script calculates the percentage of ingested colored yeast relative to the body surface in Drosophila larva. Images of the larva should be photographed by dark-field illumination. To analyze images should be organized in folders. Open one image. After starting the script, you need to enter the number images in the respective folder and adjust threshold (“Threshold” dialog window set to “Default” and “Red”; activate “Dark background” and “Don’t reset range”). Only press the “Adjust” bottom in the “Action Required” window. After this step, the script analyzes all images in the folder and creates a “Processed” folder which include the images for the detected body surface and ingested yeast.
